Sometimes you want to group your list you want to have some categories in your list.
This is very easy to achieve with I on it too for it isn't going to copy my eye and last year and I'm
getting rid of my button and for the first item I'm going to say Apple or Apple's pleural then I'm going
to add another I an item where I say Abbo Cato's I hope I pronounced this correctly.
So I got fruit in my list.
I also might have additional items that say bananas and berries.
So let's quickly add those.
Now we clearly have two items with an A at the beginning and then two with a B.
If I say would like this and we have a look at this running application we see our list here and there's
nothing wrong with it but it would be nice to have like a header above the apples and avocados and a
B head are above the bananas and berries to achieve this.
I'm going to change this iron laced into another component.
And I and I Tim group now I asked a name kind of tells or implies this is the element we're ionic expects
to have multiple groups of items you could say and you do what.
Divide those groups.
I'm going to places in one line just for to make it easier to see.
You divide these groups by adding up.
I am item divider.
Today's item group.
So this is a new component.
And here I simply type some text which I want to display let's say because this group should only contain
items with an A.
With that I'm going to copy that and add another divider after avocadoes before bananas and give us
a B since the next room starts with B.
You can of course enter any text you want here.
Now if this if I save this and let it recompile you quickly see here you go.
Now we get those nice dividers inside the file list dividing this list up and therefore making it a
bit easier to read or to see where our items belong and where they are.
The theory behind this.
So we have multiple item dividers dividing our item group into subgroups or into multiple sections you
could say sometimes you also want to have a different way of dividing this up.
You don't want to have to read I an item group with the dividers which leads to our section sitting
very close to each other since it's all in one list.
But instead you might want to have a header inside of your list which looks and works a bit differently.
For this I could add a new list and list again not a group.
And then there I have a couple of items like like say tracking and thereafter personal images and there
could be options in the menu let's say.
So a fitting title for that would be nice and we can add such a list header by adding the ion list header
component here in there we can again specify any text you want let's say privacy.
And by doing this if I save this you see now I added this nice header which looks differently than the
divider is here in this one list.
It also has some extra margin to the top so that there is some spacing between the lists.
Well and if I now simply duplicate this list here and place it below the earliest and give this list
a header of let's say sharing because could be are sharing options and I have to do with any one option
and then Yunan option here if I save this again you see now we get this X drug group you could call
it or extra list with its own header.
Again having some spacing in between the list so that they really are easy to differentiate and with
that we have numbered technique of creating kind of groups setting a theme setting a topic for this
list.
But having a more clearly separate that than the above list where we have our list dividers instead
and that are different ways of styling or of using our lists of working with them.
And of ever using normal lists as this one here the top one or two groups of items with dividers or
lists with headers.
Again have a look at the official docs if you want to dive even deeper into that.
Falling to this lecture.
I'll also have an article which explains how you can make a Dragonball list a list where you can reorder
items.
It's super easy to do and it's best shown by simply giving you an example again which you will find
in the article after this video